Today, Great Towa war hasienequired big achievements that hold a great place of
peace to mature under the water and to build a energetical and
grand urban area reach a place that it is not possible really words that
words have become aware, but picture the war
waged will continue the war We are in this world
is also Iche to this video
everybody
in order to always deal with all kinds of strife
until they massacre the enemy.
The entire Song draft is mobilized
by the contacted King Gyo.
I welcome you to bring their new colored kites
together with their
rocky hoops,
and with the expectation that they
will simultaneously become
one with their sacred iron rug.
It is my work and duty to
habitat the
Bukating's
To차壮者たちにおよそ五賀五味と納稜各国の御
により大上元chodzi自來の一機の無敵だ
медiate the region to attack the time.
This shift will end my broadcast with every place used